You can cancel that gym member ship, because
Phat Chips have all the crunches you need!
Finally, snacks have gotten healthy.
We've taken the humble but deadly
potato chip, and taken away a whole lot
of fat, and add a whole heap of Phat.
Damn! Confused?
You won't be.
With a controlled exercise and diet plan, the
pounds just fall off, and the Phat gets radical.
It's time to take health to the streets.
It's time to make health cool.
Try all new healthy flavours like...
Radical sour cream and black liquorice quinoa.
Funky honey mustard greens and ketchup prawns.
Chipotle wheatgrass.
Bavarian car key party.
Dry Greek rub greens.
And...
Norwegian salmon rancher surprise.
Yum!
Phat Chips...
get crunching and stop crunches!
We've made healthy snacking cool!